# URECA_Yr_2_SARS_CoV2_antibody_prediction
#

#The development of medication for novel coronavirus often requires screening of thousands of available strains of antibodies, which is prohibitively expensive and often not feasible due to a lack of available resources. Accordingly, Machine learning (ML) models can enable the rapid and inexpensive exploration of vast sequences with affordable resources. Existing literature has applied this process with various successes, however, few of the works were based on SARS-CoV2 antibody-antigen data. In this project, we developed a pipeline which utilized graph featurization and ML approaches to predict neutralizing properties for SARS-CoV2 antibodies. Firstly, we constructed a dataset comprising 310 pairs of antibody paratope and antigen epitope FASTA sequences, as well as their neutralizing properties. Second, building on the paper by Magar et al. 2021, we extracted graph features of antibody and antigen molecules, and improved the model by introducing Mean and Max Pooling for data augmentation, applied Repeated Stratified 5-Fold strategy for splitting the training and test dataset, expanded to 8 ML classifier models for model robustness. Our research discovered that Logistic Regression with Mean Pooling could achieve the highest Accuracy score (74.17%) and F1 score (85.01%). We then conducted hyperparameter random searching to fine tune the selected model, achieving final Accuracy, F1 and ROC AUC score at 74.92%, 85.39% and 53.05%. Our research aimed to develop an ML approach pipeline which can generate predictions on the neutralizing property of any given SARS-CoV2 antibody-antigen pair. This research could provide insights to future ML prediction approaches to coronavirus antibody-antigen binding properties.
